docs: update the definition of higher order function (#21321)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/first-class_function/index.md

In this example, we are returning a function from another function - _We can return a function because functions in JavaScript are treated as values._

> > **Note:** A function that returns a function or takes other function as arguments is called a _higher-order function_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** A function that returns a function or takes other functions as arguments is called a _higher-order function_.
```

> > **Note:** A function that returns a function or take other function as arguments and operates over them is called a _higher-order function_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** A function that returns a function or takes other function as arguments is called a _higher-order function_.
```

Author: updated
